You're familiar with the LTER Network, but haven't worked as an information manager before. Here are a few things for you to know and do as you get started.

* **[Current IM Committee Information](https://lternetwork.force.com/lterhub/s/committee/a0t4S0000000YXZQA2/information-managers)**: Please join and follow the IM Committee on the LTERHub to take part in IM discussions and connect with colleagues. 
* **Virtual Water Coolers**: The Information Management Committee meets monthly on the second Monday of each month at noon, Pacific time. The zoom link (always the same) will be emailed to everyone on the IM email list a day or two before the meeting. Regular attendance at these "Virtual Watercoolers" is expected of all LTER information managers. Plus, it will really help you learn your way around the network, connect to colleagues, and stay painlessly up-to-date.
*  **[Environmental Data Initiative](https://environmentaldatainitiative.org/)**: Once the data arm of the LTER Network Office, the Environmental Data Initiative is now LTER's primary data partner and also serves a myriad of other NSF programs in Environmental Biology. In addition to data curation and infrastructure, EDI provides information management training, resources, and leadership in data harmonization for synthesis.
* **[IM Bylaws](https://lternet.edu/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/2021-06-11-LTER_IMC_Bylaws_v4_final.pdf)**: The LTER Network is a highly distributed organization. While each information manager is responsible to their own site, the Network also depends on information managers working together across sites as a team. The IM Committee bylaws describe how the committee runs, how its leadership (IMExec) is chosen, and what the expectations are of its member IMs.
* **IM Annual Meeting**: Once a year, in summer or early fall, the entire group of information managers meets either in person or online to reconnect, move projects forward, and discuss new directions. These meetings usually take place in association with the LTER All Scientists Meeting or the meeting of a related society such as the Earth Science Information Partners or the Ecological Society of America. Reports from past annual meetings are found in the document archive.
*  **[IM document archive](https://lternet.edu/?taxonomy=document-types&term=information-management)**: Based within the larger LTER document archive, the IM document repository holds records of old versions of bylaws, annual meeting reports, working group reports and other historical information, which can be remarkably useful in understanding the context of the Network. 
*  **[LTER Git Hub](https://github.com/lter)**: Many repositories house current and past programming projects of the LTER Network and its data partner, the Environmental Data Initiative.  (Do start with the index, as there are a wide variety of projects in various stages of maintenance.) This manual is also maintained in a GitHub repo, where all LTER information managers can make suggestions (through issues) for additions or updates.
